Document new command ldap:check-group (#11079)
nextcloud/documentation: admin_manual/configuration_user/user_auth_ldap.rst

login for this user or can be fetched manually via the occ command 
``occ ldap:check-user --update USERID`` where ``USERID`` is Nextcloud's user id.

> For groups, a cache of memberships is stored in database to be able to fire

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For groups, a cache of memberships is stored in the database to be able to trigger
```
